I'm very grateful for everything that
the University of Edinburgh have
provided for me they've helped me so
much and was able to combine my degree
and my sport the world class facilities
at Edinburgh is kind of what really drew
me to come here and train in the first
place I mean we have a fantastic 50
meter pool where the diving is being
held world-class gym facilities so I'm
very very lucky day is all kind of here
and I've just been very grateful for the
support that I've received from the
university i also have a scholarship
which makes it all the more better lot
easier to be able to pay for training
but pay for competition gear things like
that so yeah I'm very I'm very pleased
that i cain't Adam ver I don't really
like it here yeah we have quite a tough
group in England and Australia who were
both in I think the top five countries
in the world I ranked highly so and if
we get through the pool stages will be
doing really well and but to be honest
the International Hockey entities know
em any team can beat each other on any
given day so as long as we step up and
hopefully we can do it my events there's
a lot of really fasteners no Michael
Jameson obviously he's Scottish she
stuns the same event he won a silver
medal at the Olympics and the ex world
record holder and turned a restaurant
he's Australian and so he'll be there as
well as 100 breastroke Olympic champion
and world record holder is from South
Africa see he'll also be there and
competing so and the field the fields
stacked so I'm hoping a main goal will
be to make a final and from there nobody
no no in the universe that have been
great and like their they offered me the
scholarship and they've set up and in
connection with the support school and
they've helped set up national training
center actually on there and the
university so that was a black played a
big part and you choosing to come here
and then the fact that I chose to the
support science obviously connected and
it mixes together but the last couple of
years I think the fact i've been in
university has definitely helped lords
and my preparations for for again
selected and it's just going to be a
fantastic opportunity to be able to
compete in her own country where you can
just all your friends will be there to
watch or your family can go and watch
easily
em and it's just I think it's just going
to be something that for everyone that's
competing at Glasgow albeit something to
remember for the rest of their lives